Update info command with new eventloop metrics. (#2439)
redis/redis-doc: commands/info.md

*   `total_writes_processed`: Total number of write events processed
*   `io_threaded_reads_processed`: Number of read events processed by the main and I/O threads
*   `io_threaded_writes_processed`: Number of write events processed by the main and I/O threads
*   `stat_reply_buffer_shrinks`: Total number of output buffer shrinks
*   `stat_reply_buffer_expands`: Total number of output buffer expands
*   `eventloop_cycles`: Total number of eventloop cycles

> *   `eventloop_duration_sum`: Total time consumption of eventloop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   `eventloop_duration_sum`: Total time consumption of eventloop (including IO and command processing)
```

*   `dbXXX`: `keys=XXX,expires=XXX`

> The **debug** section is for some experimental or temporary metrics. It will not be displayed when `INFO` or even `INFO ALL` is called, and it is only displayed when `INFO DEBUG` is called.

Reviewer: I'm not certain if we wanna explicitly document this section, or just leave it undocumented.
i suppose documenting (as you did), it with an explicit warning is better.. @madolson WDYT?
```suggestion
The **debug** section is for experimental metrics, which might change or get removed in future versions. It will not be displayed when `INFO` or even `INFO ALL` is called, and it is only displayed when `INFO DEBUG` is called.
```

Reviewer 2: I would slightly prefer not documenting it, just like we don't document debug configs in redis.conf. If someone cares enough they can look at the code. It's not a strong preference though, I'm fine adding a warning that the fields may disappear at any time.
